Normally this is where we would stop so we would set up the HDMI form then style the form.
But there's no way for us to collect the values because we haven't hooked up any BHP or any kind of
back in language.
However thanks to an awesome service called Formspring we can actually fix that.
So how we can do that as always.
Let's head over to our good old friend Google and you're going to write Formspring.
You don't have to sign up for anything you don't have to pay anything you don't have to leave the card.
No you don't need to leave your grandmas name.
You don't need to do anything.
The only thing you need is to get an action attribute with the value of Formspring and then the email
you would like to use.
And also you would need to use the method of post obviously later on.
They have the plans if you like the service and all that but just for testing or just for right or no
small use you can freely use it and nobody is gonna do anything.
So what happens is what I would like to do is just grab this action for you right now as well as the
method with the post and we all gonna head over to our text editor then I'm gonna find within the indexation
email remember we have the form and for now we just have the form group which is used for styling.
Right now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna copy and paste it values as well as I would like to enter the
email.
I'm gonna be entering my email if you want me to get your forms.
I mean you can type my email but in general what you need is to type the email where you would like
to receive those forms.
So for now I created.
Right away the email that I'm gonna be using for this I'm gonna say learn code and let's call this tutorial
that is gonna be my email and this is not gonna be at email not common.
This is gonna be in fact had g mail that come moment we say it.
I'm gonna head over back to our testing site and let's say that there is going to be John Smale.
And then we're going to be looking for e-mail e-mail at e mail dot com.
So some kind of e-mail and the message would be Hey buddy let's just put maybe a few exclamation marks
now the moment we're going to click save.
Notice what's going to happen.
So first of all it says okay your form needs active rotation.
Now I'm going to be looking at my inbox and I can see that I got already the mail from Formspring so
I can just open this up and the way this is going to work.
We need to look for activate the form.
So now we're going to activate the form and now it says awesome.
The form is active so we can head over back to the local host.
And by the way right away tell you now what happens here is that they'll let us know.
OK.
You have the new form submission the name whatever name we put.
Then we had an e-mail.
Actually some e-mail and then we're here having the message of hey buddy.
And the neat thing is that we can use it on both.
We can use it here even on our local environment as well as the moment.
We're going to set it up everything on a notify.
We can still get the forms.
There is also a nice feature on a metal file you can actually do it on the actual notify service but
we're not going to cover this right now we're probably going to look at it at later projects when we're
working with like flex box or grid or something like that.
For now we're just gonna deal with the Formspring and with the fact that we're literally one line of
code.
Now we can get the form.
So again we don't need to do any kind of BHP setup or anything like that.
We just set up this one line and we're gonna be getting our forms.
Well obviously you need to activate it and all that but I mean it kind of is understandable right.
What else what else.
What's gonna happen is the moment we're gonna place it on a little fly.
They're all gonna send another one.
And the first time you're gonna submit the form you're gonna have to do another confirmation because
the basic idea is like this.
So for this site now at the moment this is gonna be connected to the local host.
However the moment we're gonna upload it to notify then we're gonna be able to connect it from Myrtleford.
So that way you can also get the form submissions as the site is gonna be live on and live right.
If you want to discover it a little bit more so let's say first of all they say setup is easy no registration
and all that just an action attribute and all that and this is where I said that the name attribute
is important because that's the whole way how we actually collected the values and by the way this is
how you would do exactly the same with BHP where you would be collecting whatever is in these name attributes.
So for the name attribute with a value of name you're gonna be collecting that value and so on and so
forth.
So let's say what is serving here this form needs active attention.
Yeah we can just do it like this.
You can say I'm not a robot.
That's one thing that they're gonna tell you.
And then we can return to original site.
So now I can do as many form submissions as you like and you're gonna be getting it in e-mail and noticed
right now I'm getting my email.
Awesome.
And just delete it.
What else what else.
Well regarding their documentation if you need more information again you can go to form setup.
You can go to promoting articles at this point in time.
Again I don't see the point of covering this because this is strictly age the amount he assessed course
so this is out of the scope of the course.
However I did want to show you a nice little feature by the name of Formspring which allows you to actually
submit the values the form and more importantly you can collect these values with any kind of hassle
or back and languages like BHP.